

Ghost 1:
   move in a figure 8, stop, shoot circle of bullets. stop. repeat.
   as you hurt him, moves faster. and shoots bullets in faster increments.

Ghost 2:
   teleports randomly. shoots plus. pauses. teleports shoots x. pauses. repeat.

Ghost 3:
   armor slowly depletes one by one. more armor, faster he is. when hurt, he
   has more armor than before. and always move to character slightly, with wrap
   screen.

Ghost 4:
   laser beam that goes in a circle.

Lost dude:
   appears on the edges of the screen and shoots a spear thing at you. first
   phase runs to the edge. next just appears at edge. Final maybe shoots
   vertical bullets at you too that you can't hit at.
   
   another idea is throwing like a deku bomb thing that blows up.

Cannon:
   3 minigames.
   
   1st: Cannon: Mwahaha. I lost my klucks. This door will only open with them.
   Find all the clucks throughout Hiroll.

   2nd: Cannon: A music battle jam. Banjo vs Organ.

   3nd: Cannon: Energy ball tennis.

   Then cannon is tired and your fairy says to finish him off.

Ivan Easy Mode Boss.
   he has these items in easy mode: banjo, bomb, sword, lamp, dash
   in hard mode he also has bow, boomerang, and shield

   Here are some brainstorming things.

   Easy:
   Banjo. Summon enemies. He can only use the banjo if there are no enemies on the screen though.
   Sword & Bomb. Explosive Charge. He charges at Lank with his sword, leaving bombs behind him.
   Lamp & Bomb: Fire come in from corner and sides to middle. When it reaches him, he disappears and leaves a bomb there.

   Hard:
   Bow and Boomerang. Duplicates boomerang on left side bow on right side.
   Bow. Teleport to the top left and moves down while rapid firing arrows.
   Shield & Lamp. Makes the border fiery, then charges at you with shield. Tries to make you get burned.

   Maybe 3 different things he can do. He can teleport too then attack you with
   his sword.

   castle is abandoned. you gotta go to the very top room, open the squareforce
   door to get to a small save room. then ivan's room.
